= Barkeep

Barkeep is an extensible developer's status bar to track your current deployed
commit and more.

This is a PRE-RELEASE VERSION.  Tests & better docs pending.

== Install

* Install and require gem (add it to your Gemfile or your environment.rb file).
* include Barkeep in your ApplicationHelper, i.e.

    module ApplicationHelper
      include Barkeep
      ...
    end

* add the barkeep styles in your layout header, i.e

    <%= barkeep_styles unless %W(test production).include?(Rails.env) %>

* call render_barkeep from your layout or footer, i.e.

    <%= render_barkeep unless %W(test production).include?(Rails.env) %>

* Create a config file in config/barkeep.json (see example below)

== Config

Configuration is specified in a config/barkeep.json

At minimum, you want to specify some panes and a github url:

  {
    "panes" : [
      "branch_info",
      "commit_sha_info",
      "partial user/info"
    ],
    "github_url" : "https://github.com/user/repo_name"
  }

Panes are rendered in the order specified in the array.  You can specify as
many panes as you wish.

Panes are assumed to either be methods accessible in the context of your
ApplicationHelper.  Alternatively, you can specify a partial using the format
"partial path/to/your/partial"

== Custom Styling

Barkeep comes with some basic styling that has worked well for us.  You are
encouraged to modify it to suit your needs.  The easiest way to do this is to
call barkeep_styles as normal, view source, and extract the css (search for
barkeep).  You can then pull it in to your main stylesheet or Sass-ify it, etc.

Once you've setup your own styles, you probably won't want to call
barkeep_styles anymore.

== Included panes

* branch_info: shows the current branch and links to the branch on github
* commit_sha_info: shows the current commit sha and links to the commit on
  github (useful when testing on stage for knowing what is depolyed)
* commit_author_info: show the author of the current commit
* commit_date_info: show the date of the current commit (hover for full
  timestamp)
* rpm_request_info: if you're using the newrelic gem in development mode, this
  provides a link to the development newerelic index and a link to the current
  request profiled in newrelic

== Contributing to Barkeep

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 PatientsLikeMe. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

